Update website cc pages. (#215)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: yagpdb-cc-website/docs/utilities/cc2file.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
title: CC to File
---

This command sends your CC(s) code in a text file, rather than "plain" Discord messages, preserving Tabs, markdown, etc.  

> You can especify more than one ID or trigger, and bot will generate one file per input parameter. If none are provided, output will be CC list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify more than one ID or trigger, and the bot will generate one file per input parameter. If none are provided, output will be the entire CC list.
```
typo boye
